GH-35130: [Docs] Document how to become a collaborator to get triage role (#36445)
apache/arrow: docs/source/developers/reviewing.rst

* **Priority: Critical**: Indicates issues that are high priority. This is a
  superset of issues marked "Critical Fix", as it also contains certain fixes
  to issues causing errors and crashes.

Collaborators
=============

The collaborator role allows users to be given triage role to be able to help triaging
issues. The role allows users to label and assign issues.

A user can ask to become a collaborator or can be proposed by another community member
when they have been collaborating in the project for a period of time. Collaborations

> can be but are not limited to: creating Pull requests, answering questions, creating

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can be but are not limited to: creating PRs, answering questions, creating
```

(we are already using this abbreviation earlier in the document)

issues, reviewing PRs, etcetera.

In order to propose someone as a collaborator you must create a PR adding the user to

> the collaborators list on `.asf.yaml <https://github.com/apache/arrow/blob/main/.asf.yaml>`_..

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the collaborators list on `.asf.yaml <https://github.com/apache/arrow/blob/main/.asf.yaml>`_.
```
